Japan, for me, has been one of the most awesome experiences of my life.
This is the third time that I have come here. The first was with the
military, I want to Sasebo which is at the very bottom of Japan kind
of like a country version of Japan, but I did go to a big city,
Fukuoka, and it was really big, really huge they have amazing stores.
The electronics store that I went to it was, it had like ten floors
and one of the floors is like Best Buy in America. Best Buy is America's
most most most, it has the most electronic stuff that America
can provide and it's on one big you know humongus floor but Japan has
eight of those guys like if you want a camera at Best Buy well here's
a stand you know you can see below there's fifty cameras, oh cool.
No no, you haven't seen cameras until you go to Japan where they
have an entire section of a floor devoted to cameras. You want a laptop
okay at the you know Best Buy has this there's the apple section
there's like you know twenty, twenty laptops over there you know.
Japan is the place so. As far as the food goes, I switch over. When
I'm in America I love ice cream, when I'm in Japan it switches over
to ramen. Ramen is the best delicious food that has every went into
my body it's so good. There was one time I ate ramen every single day.
Also anime is, it's abundant over here so I don't really watch anime
here. It's amazing that I watch anime more in America than here,
cause it's kind of kid like here, but you see it all, on all places
like whenever you are walking down the street you can see like a cartoon
figure and all the pop characters you know, they have places like
na-na-na-na you have to, you have to go visit it, it's so funny.
Just being in this different culture, it's way different than America,
and I'm digging it.